Support unpacked structs (#3802)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/exe_verilator.rst

   by size (plain :vlopt:`--stats` just gives a count).  See
   :vlopt:`--stats`, which is implied by this.

> .. option:: --structs-unpacked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. option:: --structs-packed
```

Author: I modified this line to mention `--structs-unpacked` because I think the documentation is a bit misleading here.
Comments and docs do mention the `--structs-packed` flag, but it was never parsed by Verilator, there's only `--structs-unpacked`.

Now I'm a little confused about this: do we want to decide on one of these flags or have both?
I think keeping both is error prone.

Reviewer: Oh, I missed that, you are right the old code had --structs-unpacked, though the variable was incorrectly called structsPacked, you are right that is very confusing.  Let's go with your original thought, rename the flag to --structs-packed, make the variable m_structsPacked now defaulting to false, and update docs appropriately.

BTW for other items that are done please hit "resolve conversation" thanks.

>    Enables support for unpacked structures. Currently this is the default
>    and :vlopt:`--no-structs-unpacked <--structs-unpacked>` converts all
>    structures to packed structures, specifying this option allows for
>    backward compatibility as older versions of Verilator would always pack
>    unpacked structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Converts all unpacked structures to packed structures, and issues a
   :option:`UNPACKED` warning. Specifying this option allows for backward
   compatibility with versions before Verilator 5.006, when Verilator would
   always pack unpacked structures.
```
